you need to know about the battle
between East and West you must
understand the details of this because
this is getting real hot and heavy right
now at this time we are watching an
escalation of this power struggle that's
been going on and it is getting to the
point at which it has become dangerous
let's focus on what's Happening Here and
understand there are some big question
marks inside of this I'm going to break
that all down to you today the very
first thing that I want to cover is
what's going on with China because this
has been something front and center in
the news we've got the economic aspects
yes but the geopolitical the tensions
that I've been building are what we must
talk about right here and now the first
thing is what's going on with China and
their road to being number one so this
is a bumpy road along the way they are
trying their best to become number one
they want to do this they want to push
to become the number one economy the
Empire of the world being based in China
at them at the center is it going to
happen some say it's inevitable others
say no way it will never occur well what
they are doing seems to be aligning
themselves with a lot of other countries
including of course the brics Nations
here at this time there are geopolitical
problems and there is one country that
seems to be pushing back somewhat inside
of the bricks can you guess who that is
we're going to talk about that in a few
minutes resources are another issue for
China they need a lot this insatiable
appetite it seems well what is the one
key resource that we are always talking
about that is influx right now I'll
bring that to you as well so let's
discuss this right here and now China is
front and center in the news here as we
talk about the U.S beefing up alliances
across Asia but don't expect an Asian
NATO anytime soon you've probably heard
about this I think it's important to
understand the details as we see it look
a lot of these countries they're
aligning with China but at the same time
they realize what China is doing they
realize they want the top spot and so
they don't want to give up sovereignty
they don't want to do anything like this
and they don't want to be the enemy to
the United States either in most cases
so they're trying to balance it all out
okay so we can see that China is
creating alliances in Southeast Asia and
more we look to that with the Brooks
Nations and so on these are military
alliances and these are also trade as
well we have military cooperation
expanding overall and some countries are
not 100 percent aligned with them and it
seems to be a little bit of gray area in
that circumstance the US announces new
multi-year military exercise plan with
Japan and South Korea head of their
Summit so we'll cover a couple articles
here related to that and of course they
have this Summit they're trying to do
something that's pretty obvious they're
positioned geographically right beside
China and they want to make it known
that look we are going to apply as much
force as we can to you China China at
the same time they're building military
bases on these islands in the South
China Sea they're saying no no our line
is drawn right here in other countries
like Philippines and so on and say no no
your line is not drawn there and so we
get these battles going on South China
Sea is one thing Taiwan of course is
another thing and we've got to
understand that that is a very hotly
contested uh battle that seems to never
end it's just wild
this is interesting okay this is where
it gets like it's not so one-sided it's
not so black and white the U.S should
strengthen relations with India to
reduce its dependence on Russia
something it has already sought to do by
strengthening economic ties in 2022 the
bilateral trade between the US and India
exceeded 191 billion dollars but there's
something interesting about this so
we know and we'll talk about it more in
a sec India and China they're not
exactly best friends okay let's leave it
at that however they've been doing more
and more trade together they've been
aligned under the brics Nations but
they've got a problem they've got a big
problem okay and so this might be sorted
out long term but here at this time
there goes the pen here at this time
they've got an issue so now the US is
trying to step in and say okay we see
that we see the cracks that are there
let's slip between the cracks and
hopefully we can separate these two
they're trying to do that we'll see what
happens I'm not so sure about that but
the more trade the more expansion that
the U.S can do with India the better off
they're going to be in terms of the you
know the politics side but look what
happened as soon as Russia said hey
we'll give you a discount on oil India
is like sign me up I'm interested we saw
that
okay the US is quietly warning its
Middle East Partners about the cost of
stocking up on chinese-made weapons so
we see that I think for a lot of people
we've we've noted this over the last
while how it's been very clear in fact
that for the Middle East they are doing
a lot of business with China they are
doing everything they can to expand that
relationship they're not cutting back at
all and the Middle East is like going
head first they're saying hey that's the
partner we want long term so the the
line seemed to be drawn for the most
part and that is the way it's going to
be for the next several years you might
be asking yourself
what's you know where is this all
leading how are we going to get into a
stage in which it's not going to end up
in war well that's really the worry for
a lot of people we want to be prepared
we want to be able to deal with this
I'll talk about that more in a second
here
uh this is just talking about more about
that that Summit that's happening South
Korea Japanese officials apparently they
said oh it's not about China it's not
about China of course it's not about
China yeah okay here we go but we know
that regardless how much they discuss
China we know that there is a big
concern going on right now and we should
be fully aware of that Russia and China
conduct a series of Naval drills in the
East China Sea which you can see here
you know people will say ah this is
nothing this is not going on and this
Navy's better than that that Navy I
don't even think the wars will be hot
Wars in this way I actually think it's
going to be more cyber I think that
that's a more likely scenario because
it's a little bit more political you
know what I mean oh you didn't blow
anything up you just shut down all our
power for a while like something like
this and there's other things with
Russia and Chinese Navy's running joint
support drills you see that for yourself
right there there okay so a lot is going
on right now I think it's pretty clear
that you have China rehearsing an
invasion of Taiwan where troops storming
sea defenses and chilling war games this
is they're being very clear about this
they're basically saying we are we're
doing this we're training for this we
are trying to make it known that we're
gonna go through with it in the long
term or at least if you do something
we're going to be able to get back at
you kind of thing so
um all I'm trying to say is that
everything is there
being very clearly uh documented for us
to see okay so we got resources and
that's one thing okay
battles are fought over resources many
cases land is really about the resources
available on that land some say that
that's part of what's going on in
Ukraine where the donbass region has a
lot of those resources and so that's
what uh Russia
is after it's not necessarily like
attacking land or attacking people they
want resources
I'll leave that up to you you decide
what what that's all about but I wanna I
wanna talk about that the countries with
the biggest appetite for oil number one
US certainly but China
this is the resource we're talking about
today oil is I mean look at look
compared to India 1.4 billion people let
economy size obviously playing a big
factor in here and oil runs the world
wars are fought over oil countries
happen to lose leaders just they just
disappear over oil we know that we know
that and so that's what's going on right
here I just wanted to show you that just
to give you a little bit of a comparison
of like how much they're using and how
important this one single commodity is
and so when there are new deals set up
like for instance Saudi Arabia and China
this is something to pay attention to
pay close attention to
Taiwanese investing more in South Asia
Asian the mainland China amid the global
Supply chains reshuffled
um I I do believe it is important that
China is basically trying to say uh
we're going to build our own chips
domestically at the same time Taiwan is
saying ah you know what let's not build
so much in China let's do it uh you know
there's other countries over here and so
like the whole world seems to be in a
sense
um you know diversifying and that which
is good I think it's actually a good
thing but it's building up it's building
in the wrong direction in my in my
opinion in some cases because we see a
lot of that back and forth fighting
that's going on China's grip on South
East Asia Titans as U.S influence wanes
from Vietnam to Indonesia development
Aid and Asian values Drive beijing's
dominance okay so we can see that China
is trying to put the squeeze on other
countries they're saying do business
with us let's do that they're doing it
politically they're going through
they're shaking hands here and there
they're doing it through resources the
hey we'll buy all your resources send it
over send it over so they're doing a lot
of deals right here okay
and then just looking at this in terms
of the Reliance in Southeast Asia these
countries rely on the expertise and
Investments for China in the uh EV space
EVS obviously uh electric vehicles
becoming more and more uh prevalent
those vehicles are not just for China's
consumption of course those are being
shipped out and and could overtake a lot
of places like in Europe and so on okay
um I just want to highlight the fact
that you've got the United States China
they have many problems here and of
course they refer to India as well I
think it's important to look at India
when we see this because they're clearly
aligned on on the other side but China
and and India have these long-standing
battles so where does that end up we'll
find out now for you the individuals out
there I want to number one highlight the
comment of the day before we before we
talk talk about what you can do watching
your video about the new developments in
China the more I think that the brics
money can't be put into effect now and
that D dollarization is wishful thinking
and that is what some people are
starting to say that uh you know what
I'm not so sure about this brics
currency but I want to thank you first
of all Manuel
um comment of the day I try to highlight
one each and every day what do you think
about what he said let me know in the
comments below you know it it's
something that first of all
it's not going to come tomorrow that's
not the way it works even if there is a
launch of a currency I think it's going
to be in limited scope and so on that's
important but you want to know what
you've got to do very important couple
tips lock look at the companies that
rely heavily on China if you're invested
in these companies if you do business
with them in any way maybe you work for
them if they have Reliance on China
understand that that those ties are
being cut at least slowly but surely so
watch out that means less business look
for companies with similar models that
are doing that business that might be
cut right look for companies doing the
same or similar things as them because
they could be taking those contracts and
number two is look for the government
contracts companies that have those
government contracts are the big number
one hitter because you know there are
billions and trillions of dollars moving
into those places okay we don't want to
sit idly by AI we don't want to just say
hey there's a way it goes we want to be
self-sufficient we want to be prepared
we want to do what we can anyway of
course it is difficult in this
circumstance I know but there are things
we can do we can grow our own food if we
can at least somewhat it's not as
difficult as people make it seem
sometimes you know there are things we
can do you've got to be able to be
mobile having that Mobility is so
important if you want to know more about
that I've got a lot to share with you on
my Discord Discord is the place where I
got look at this tips I got tips tips
tips all kinds of tips the things that
you should be looking out for there's
going to be giveaways on there there's
all kinds of stuff by the way if you
know how to do giveaways let me know
okay because I'm trying to figure out
how to do the giveaways so that's part
of it but if you don't join the Discord
you're going to miss all this stuff like
this is with a place where I can like
really easily organize it all where is
the Discord it's right down in the link
below it's totally free of course you
will join Over 1100 people that are
determined just like you okay that are
concerned they want hopefulness and that
is all of what this is about okay join
the Discord down below I'll see you
there